add: wip operators (#22)
Wiki-Knights/CS-Materials: src/intro-to-c/operators/operators-practice.md

# Arithmetic Operators Practice

A fun thing to do in these exercises is to create a separate function and call it in main. That way, you can have your own library of functions and reuse it if you need.

1. Write a function that takes 5 numbers and returns the sum and average (in two decimal places) of them.

2. Write a function that receives a number and returns whether it is even or odd.

3. Write a function that receives a number and returns if the number is divisible by 3.

4. Write a function that takes two numbers and returns which one is higher.

> 5. Write a function that takes three numbers, the sides of a triangle and returns whether the triangle formed by the given sides is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Write a function that takes 5 integers and returns their sum, then write a function that takes 5 integers and returns their average as a float, using the sum function.

2. Write a function that takes an integer and prints text stating whether it is even or odd.

3. Write a function that takes an integer and prints text stating if it is divisible by 3.

4. Write a function that takes two integers and returns the greater of the two. (If they are equal, you may return either.)

5. Write a function that takes three integers, representing the lengths of the sides of a triangle, and prints text stating what type of triangle (equilateral, isosceles, or scalene) is formed by the given lengths. *(An equilateral triangle is one where all sides are equal length. An isosceles triangle is one where exactly two sides are equal length. A scalene triangle is one where all sides are different lengths.)*
```
